LB partial re-structure (#2008)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/load-balancing/src/content/understand-basics/traffic-steering.md

<RegionMapping/>

> For more details on working with regions and region codes, see [Region Mapping API](/reference/region-mapping-api).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more details on working with regions and region codes, refer to [Region Mapping API](/reference/region-mapping-api).
```
